Honorable senators, what happened last Tuesday?
A Selection Committee was formed.
I attended the first meeting of this committee yesterday.
And I expected the committee to admit that he did not know what to do with the independent senators.
Which does not concern me so much for now.
The members of the Selection Committee may have some impact.
On the work that a senator will undertake over the next two years.
It is an important committee, since in principle these nine senators determine which committee will sit on certain senators.
I went to committee yesterday to find out that one of the nine senators was absent.
He had sent a replacement.
Honorable senators, I will not name anyone.
You see how nice I am, is not it?
Senators will have to do their own research to find out who was at fault.
When a person accepts a job, it must accomplish it.
The women who sit on the Senate have proved.
They fulfilled their duty much better than the majority of men in the Senate.
I remember the meetings of the subcommittee on veterans in February 1998.
Neither the Senate nor the House of Commons sat at that time.
Three Liberal senators attended the committee's deliberations, all of them women.
The leaders of the Senate could not find a man to sit on this committee.
I could quote, word for word, what the Honorable Senator Carstairs answered the question I asked him.
I asked him: "What were the criteria applied? "
She said that she was the first to address the issue of women's representation in a report.
Which she drafted on parliamentary associations in 1993.
The delegations at that time were made up entirely of men.
In this regard, I would like to remind you that I was replaced by Senator Finestone for a few years.
However, I am still waiting for an opportunity to re-join my favorite association.
Honorable senators, I do not know how or when the House will make a decision on these two reports.
Every time senators are interviewed on television.
Or interviewed by a group of students, journalists or others.
What do we say?
It is true, and I believe in it.
However, this should be translated into practice.
I do not believe in substitution.
If a senator accepts a position on a committee, he or she should attend all scheduled meetings.
We are not from the members who are said in the corridors:
"Introduce yourself to the committee today and, after two years of study, there will be a final vote in committee. "
They do not even know what they are talking about, but they raise their hands when their leaders raise theirs.
They absolutely do not know what happened.
Honorable senators, the words "continuity" and "dedication" are fashionable in our speeches.
In the next two weeks, let us begin to think about how we will deal with the situation of independent senators.
If we do not, I will create my own committee of parliamentarians who are interested in international affairs.
No one can deprive us of it.
The Hon. The Speaker:
If no other honorable senator wishes to speak, is it your pleasure, honorable senators, to adopt the motion?
Of the votes:
all right .
(Motion agreed to and report adopted.)
